#EXTM3U
 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/19/Logo_TVE-1.svg/1200px-Logo_TVE-1.svg.png",LA 1
http://hlsliveamdgl7-lh.akamaihd.net/i/hlsdvrlive_1@583042/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.karlitoway.co.uk/images/logo-antena3.png",Antena 3
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/625.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b2/Cuatro_HD2012.png",Cuatro
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/626.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.ono.es/ono-resources/img/products-web/logos_parrilla_tv/img_logo_telecinco.png",Telecinco
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/627.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8a/La_Sexta.svg/966px-La_Sexta.svg.png",La Sexta
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/628.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-lqGJ545BQTo/TjIpa6LDVII/AAAAAAAAB0g/uKqJLyFzluI/s500/Antena+Neox+logo.png",Neox
https://atresplayerp-i.akamaized.net/geoneoxmpp/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.televisiontdtonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/divinity_tw.png",Divinity
https://mdslivehls-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/571648/divinity/bitrate_1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://vertelevisor.com/logos/energy.png",Energy
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/659.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/68/AXN_White_logo_%282015%29.svg/1200px-AXN_White_logo_%282015%29.svg.png",AXN White 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/650.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://ulango.tv/uploads/channels/11151/logo_canal%20hollywood3.png",Hollywood
http://185.152.66.51:25461/live/MVjkS95fZ/h87ZiysX49/4378.m3u8?token=QhpRUUoMEw4VAQtRV1MIUgNYV1MGVQJSAV4HUgUCWAIPAQ5RAFcDVgZBH0BAREoDUAxqClFDDVYADwwaEUZKVktnUFQbXhMAB1ICVBEcGhJYDFBBD1EbQENRUBQJEQgGDgkLEhVGVExDBkEMUlxnAlQXXABQQw0MRlRYGhFcV2xdXVRRVwATDhVTEU4RWUsWE1sXNVoFVgRcVlEWdkBJUldZGWMXJR9hGUEfQFFZTBRQFVBBD0MFWwcPFhoRUFZGV0xLSRteE3FkQR9AVkhMA18SXAxbQw1AXgtBDhEfG1pKZ0tVShBDUVYOVhARChpWE00XDlQZaAFcVlpTUEdQXFdLGwobVhMYFQ5cDFpEVxRuEVwHF1sVUQAPBw8RTg==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://dash.mediaupdate.co.za/story/image/121261/121261_t.jpg",Fox Life
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/661.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://dshm.tmsimg.com/h5/NowShowing/75423/s75423_h5_aa.png",Fox 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/660.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-6TCNxaYMCHg/TdUHkmTKX7I/AAAAAAAAAyo/yBfpTQ-02JQ/s1600/HighResLogo_RGB.jpg",AXN
http://185.152.66.51:25461/hlsr/QhpRUUoMEw4VWwVVUQMBUFdSAgdRVwJbBFsDDwUHCAJbXAACXVVTDABBH0BAREoDUAxqClFDDVYADgIaEUZKVktnUFQbXhMAB1ICVBEcGhJYDFBBD1EbQENRUBQJEQEHDAkPEhVGVExDBkEMUlxnAlQXXABQQw0MRlRYGhFcV2xdXVRRVwATDhVTEU4RWUsWE1sXNVoFVgRcVlEWdkBJUldZGWMXJR9hGUEfQFFZTBRQFVBBD0MAWgsBFhoRUFZGV0xLSRteE3FkQR9AVkhMA18SXAxbQw1AXgtBDhEfG1pKZ0tVShBDUVYOVhARChpWE00XDlQZaAFcVlpTUEdQXFdLGwobVhMYFQ5cDFpEVxRuEVwHF1sVUQABAQYRTg==/MVjkS95fZ/h87ZiysX49/4366/f127fc5578bafc4690011f4970b5c839/4366_138.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-6TCNxaYMCHg/TdUHkmTKX7I/AAAAAAAAAyo/yBfpTQ-02JQ/s1600/HighResLogo_RGB.jpg",AXN
http://185.93.2.130:25461/live/i4iQDL1AVT/8Nx13pdveD/4202.ts?token=HkRRAktZGwgSU1EMUFNZAVcDBwECUQQHVwIHBQkACg4GVA0HXAZfBFFGGRoQERNUUF1oUVBECAYHUwZIGkJKXRc5UAcaCxsDB1cCDFpHTRNFWVpdFlwDBwZTB1IPAAkMSURJClwTAxABUgEAWkdNE1RIQ11GCFNeagdRElFUXBpfCEwPVB0bXV47UV0OBA9VEwoVCBZKEFtGExZeGmFWXAQAVg1dEXxBQAVbWUM2T3AfZRkaGERQW0ERVRBdFQMaVlYJUhodG1FfEVtMERxDCxN1ZBoYRFdKQQZaF1FYVxpfRE0QGh0bW0M7R10QERNUUF1SShZcEAIXTxYJWU9mWwoIVwZbRVBdXhcXAkFUQx0TXVhWXRJdQGoTXQAaDRsJXFAAUxpM
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://domingomartinez.com/bitacora/wp-content/media/captura-de-pantalla-2013-05-24-a-las-012543-300x296.png",Calle 13
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/651.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/46/88/e6/4688e66e78ed451e0d55733386ead24d.jpg",TNT
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/673.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pmcvariety.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/amc-logo.jpg",AMC
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/648.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i0.wp.com/media2.slashfilm.com/slashfilm/wp/wp-content/images/Syfy-new-logo.jpg",SYFY 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/672.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4b/Cosmo_TV_logo.svg/1200px-Cosmo_TV_logo.svg.png",COSMO
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/669.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.televisiontdtonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/divinity_tw.png",Divinity
https://mdslivehls-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/571648/divinity/bitrate_3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/6/6f/Comedy_Central_logo_(1990s).svg/793px-Comedy_Central_logo_(1990s).svg.png",Comedy Central
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/654.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fMpB1ufWR0g/VuwigsX1_WI/AAAAAAAAACQ/n2Fy1VyrYSQ9b-tSuTveLCXf4wRpB_HMQ/s1600/-CD4VuPl.png",#0
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/646.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i0.wp.com/diariomnipresente.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Star-Wars-Movistar-Estrenos.png",Movistar Estrenos
http://163.172.87.7:25461/live/1234/kNb-9mR!28/31.ts?token=SBBfVkZYRF5AAAcFVlABV1pVBFMHAgEBXloFAgZTDVhRAQACVgdVVldDHkZDEUBXAwhpDFBBCAAJThYTRFVHPlpWFQ0XBVVcVEMeRkQMX1dAXwdQB1cECgFXBVYbEkUIVxANFQcDUVdbQx5GVR1GVxALVwlrB1dFUQFRRA1eQA1fHhVYW28CAQ8AXAASXxADQEkUDEcTEAkaNFsCVlZaD1YSckRFUQgFQjIcJR4wHBBOR1QMQBFTR11ADkQECAdQER4VVFpFCBAQGBBeEiBhEE5HUx1ABlxAUQ1aRA0SQRIRHhVeRm8UAREVQAFRCFdAQF8UVRZPEF5ZGmsFWF5bBFBGXlhbQ0ReQFAQSBIIXVwLEVkXaxNbVxpYFlQEBwZREU8=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i0.wp.com/diariomnipresente.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Star-Wars-Movistar-Estrenos.png",Movistar Estrenos
http://185.93.2.130:25461/live/i4iQDL1AVT/8Nx13pdveD/4238.ts?token=HkRRAktZGwgSAVBcUVFVBQIFBA0CAAYKAQcBVgwHDwxUBQhXWVdaAlJGGRoQERNUUF1oUVBECAYHUAxIGkJKXRc5UAcaCxsDB1cCDFpHTRNFWVpdFlwDBwZTAFcODwoJSURJClwTAxACXQcJVEdNE1RIQ11GCFNeagdRElFUXBpfCEwPVB0bXV47UV0OBA9VEwoVCBZKEFtGExZeGmFWXAQAVg1dEXxBQAVbWUM2T3AfZRkaGERQW0ERVRBdFQMaVlMIUBodG1FfEVtMERxDCxN1ZBoYRFdKQQZaF1FYVxpfRE0QGh0bW0M7R10QERNUUF1SShZcEAIXTxYJWU9mWwoIVwZbRVBdXhcXAkFUQx0TXVhWXRJdQGoTXQAaDRsJXFYJUxpM
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/da/Movistar_Series.svg/1200px-Movistar_Series.svg.png",Movistar Series Xtra 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/671.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/05/Movistar_Comedia.svg/1863px-Movistar_Comedia.svg.png", Movistar Comedia
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/642.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b4/Movistar_DCine.svg/1200px-Movistar_DCine.svg.png", Movistar DCine
http://185.231.163.17/646/2/index.m3u8?k=b9edd9ba90ceb8adb90cc7cdad605509a97b006908a8e53eef4c2bf7efa6acd519e5e0120b26a36a8e391f061c79345f04244339867f6294df9cfe4bc5b880025238cbb30dd278af2587ad51240b422f1ac002ba4e0ec1d16491450c7b9fc11151eb7c964070966acf9dd32ca064b55d   
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://vertelevisor.com/imagenes/movistar-accion.png", Movistar Accion 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/641.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://vertelevisor.com/imagenes/movistar-accion.png", Movistar Accion 
http://190.2.147.100:25461/live/CAMI/CAMI/37170.ts?token=TkZbABEMQQ4bCAQHV14MCQUBUgJWWFAAUQtQUQBTBQJXVQBWBlNTUQkTHBVAEktVAFluXgUbXAoHCAVWTxMRQVAWbAgGRlkWCgEDFR9ETVkMURMNUAxVDAgJClBWAUgQRQ1XQ1hGUQwJAgQVH0RcSBVRQ1kAVTldVU9bBQYTXlxACF9NQAsNa11UXVZdAhsKQwQTG0NQFUkSAxAwDFUFVFoKVkEnFxNVV1AQZB0nF2VPFh0VA1ASS1FNV0RZE1YKA10RTUAHDEFXRUJOEVwbdTIWHRUEQRJcXkpbCQ0TXhBBFxFNQA0Qa0tUQ0NBA1hdBEYTDUMJRBUSVFMePFILXFsBUBULCw1HGwsSARFKG10OWlhDDks5SVldEFxBBFMEB0ZO
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8c/Movistar_Xtra.svg/1200px-Movistar_Xtra.svg.png", Movistar Xtra
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/675.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todocotilleo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MOVISTAR-F1.png",Movistar Formula 1
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/692.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todocotilleo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MOVISTAR-F1.png",Movistar Formula 1 
http://185.21.216.153:7071/box/mf1es/l_429178_6547440_1086.ts?nimblesessionid=10995490&wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yMi8yMDE4IDE6MjE6MjEgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1nU0hkdTRVdHZOd1luTDRoOTdhOGxnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todocotilleo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MOVISTAR-F1.png",Movistar Formula 1 
http://185.21.216.153:7071/box/mf1es/chunks.m3u8?nimblesessionid=10995490&wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yMi8yMDE4IDE6MjE6MjEgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1nU0hkdTRVdHZOd1luTDRoOTdhOGxnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todocotilleo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MOVISTAR-F1.png",Movistar Formula 1 
http://185.93.2.130:25461/live/i4iQDL1AVT/8Nx13pdveD/7866.ts?token=HkRRAktZGwgSUgUPV1FVAlNWDw9WUwdXDFNWXAlUXAgDVFxXAQAAAAZGGRoQERNUUF1oUVBECAUNVQJIGkJKXRc5UAcaCxsDB1cCDFpHTRNFWVpdFlwDBwZTB1INDgAPSURJClwTAxAEUQwBQUlDVElEUkpaB15tUQZCDVtSGwILE1UPFBNWXG8AUFUCCwUTCxIHGhhEW0FFQQ5GblhdWQMJVwYYdEpCUQpUGDBLIB9kHhUUFgRbRkcCQAEaDRsJXVYIQRQTWl1FCkFKGkdbE3RjFRQWA0pGUA1HDVdZGwJHEkpBFBNQQW8WUEsXFwRQXFVFGg5EAhAZQVkFQGhaVwsIXABMWFZcQ0YPGlJHTRNcX1lRQAlAbUUKUEYCFQgKVVcNQUU=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todocotilleo.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/MOVISTAR-F1.png",Movistar Formula 1 
http://e2.iudtv.org:8080/live/190f4ph79h0r02yx/1903h6mgi4cqcg30z/1010.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todotele.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/movistar-motoGP-logo.png",Movistar Moto GP 
http://tv.shacktv.com:8080/live/1977/1977/22007.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todotele.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/movistar-motoGP-logo.png",Movistar Moto GP 
http://185.93.2.130:25461/live/i4iQDL1AVT/8Nx13pdveD/7867.ts?token=HkRRAktZGwgSAQZdAABVAQcCBAAHXwJTAVFSUVxTDg0EUloGWQkJVwVGGRoQERNUUF1oUVBECAUNVQNIGkJKXRc5UAcaCxsDB1cCDFpHTRNFWVpdFlwDBwZTB1IOBggISURJClwTAxADVAYPUkdNE1RIQ11GCFNeagdRElFUXBpfCEwPVB0bXV47UV0OBA9VEwoVCBZKEFtGExZeGmFWXAQAVg1dEXxBQAVbWUM2T3AfZRkaGERQW0ERVRBdFQMaU14AUhodG1FfEVtMERxDCxN1ZBoYRFdKQQZaF1FYVxpfRE0QGh0bW0M7R10QERNUUF1SShZcEAIXTxYJWU9mWwoIVwZbRVBdXhcXAkFUQx0TXVhWXRJdQGoTXQAaDRsJVF8AVxpM
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todotele.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/movistar-motoGP-logo.png",Movistar Moto GP
http://185.93.2.130:25461/live/i4iQDL1AVT/8Nx13pdveD/3313.ts?token=HkRRAktZGwgSVwVZAAQDUAMFBgxVUwpTAwADBw1SXQ1dUg8HAFIOUAdGGRoQERNUUF1oUVBECAEGUgdIGkJKXRc5UAcaCxsDB1cCDFpHTRNFWVpdFlwDBwZTB1IOBg0PSURJClwTAxABVwQKV0dNE1RIQ11GCFNeagdRElFUXBpfCEwPVB0bXV47UV0OBA9VEwoVCBZKEFtGExZeGmFWXAQAVg1dEXxBQAVbWUM2T3AfZRkaGERQW0ERVRBdFQMaVlUBUhodG1FfEVtMERxDCxN1ZBoYRFdKQQZaF1FYVxpfRE0QGh0bW0M7R10QERNUUF1SShZcEAIXTxYJWU9mWwoIVwZbRVBdXhcXAkFUQx0TXVhWXRJdQGoTXQAaDRsKV1UMUhpM
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://todotele.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/movistar-motoGP-logo.png",Movistar Moto GP
http://185.231.163.17/652/1/index.m3u8?k=31df41de238eb798d25345efb747eb95d1a03c4d1f6a7fdd8f28cde3325652bf61ebc59e52b2aa9d4ba50216d1402c345593ea4a18bd0baf7b53a8219b435efd240940cca1a52e4ae4adf49e789d9371f0c0c1453218d4ec92d6d138f1c77b7ed8236763e84d1956abc85c60ee11aa35
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/VTeboaN.png",beIN Sports 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/677.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.beinconnect.es/uploads/comun/img/logos/bein-laliga-md.png",Bein LaLiga 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/678.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.beinconnect.es/uploads/comun/img/logos/bein-laliga-md.png",Bein LaLiga 
http://playlist.onlybest.tv/en/channel/2874e3a9397ce975e8463c76533bcb1e/574/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://cdn8.staztic.com/app/a/4766/4766724/la-liga-tv-official-12-b-512x250.jpg",LaLiga TV 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/690.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://cdn8.staztic.com/app/a/4766/4766724/la-liga-tv-official-12-b-512x250.jpg",LaLiga TV 
http://playlist.onlybest.tv/ru/channel/262f9cb9e35b2e64d0571c3e9c1cd4fa/581/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://vercanalestv.com/imagenes/movistar-futbol.jpg",Movistar Futbol
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/693.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://meteoalcorcon.es/1_0_19_7828_428_1_C00000_0_0_0.png",Movistar Deportes 1
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/682.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d9/Movistar_Deportes_2.svg/langfr-280px-Movistar_Deportes_2.svg.png",Movistar Deportes 2
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/683.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/19/Eurosport_2_Logo.jpg",Eurosport 2
http://playlist.onlybest.tv/ru/channel/45d923b700bdbb53af22c8219ae034ac/77/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://verplusonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/disney.png",Movistar Disney
http://copo4.mitopo.me/live/plusdisney/index.m3u8?token=B08yYh-prXc-_ZzjO77N6A&expires=1531811527
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/02/Movistar_Golf.svg/120px-Movistar_Golf.svg.png",Movistar Golf 
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/687.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/92/d3/67/92d367188454874297c67bf1bdd9bf8e.jpg",NICK JR
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/637.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/92/d3/67/92d367188454874297c67bf1bdd9bf8e.jpg",NICK JR
http://163.172.209.59:25461/live/test2/test2/12022.ts?token=HkBQAxVbQV9DA1MHCFdQAgkMUlZUCwcPVFQGBAINDgIBVghVVQVTUVQUG0RDQBBRUFk9WlERWwhRBQNQHBpNRwAQZwsCEVlHUAYDXwcWThZFXQ9WFwlQDFECBloADAEBSUBICwIRWUdTBg9XARZOFlRMFlZHXQBVPFFUFFlbXRZfDE0OCh9BCg9pUwNdVQxQEw5AAxcfQ1AQRRNYEm5XUAQEVwwDEyYWEVdZBxBnTHUfYUwRGREDUBdHUBZVGgIWVFUKUkQfQQYOQ1kSQk1ADhNxMREZEQRBF1BfEVlXVhZfQEwRRB9BDBJpRQNDQBBRUFkHQRcJQwlBGRMPUUBnVwoMVgcFRwoKD0UVXBIFQBgTWQ1dXEcOSzxFWAYSAhoGUFUJQBs=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://lofrev.net/wp-content/photos/2016/06/nickelodeon-logo.jpg",Nickelodeon
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/636.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://t03.deviantart.net/06qA8F4dev0i9E0rDwP4VVqoyRk=/fit-in/700x350/filters:fixed_height(100,100):origin()/pre01/903b/th/pre/i/2016/343/f/b/disney_channel_logo_redesign_by_megamario99-dar2n4v.png",Disney Channel
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/633.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/87/Boing_TV.png",Boing
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/631.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://fontmeme.com/images/Disney-Junior-Logo.jpg",Disney Junior
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/634.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://beyondthemarquee.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Disney+XD+Logo.jpg",Disney XD
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/635.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://pmcdeadline2.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/history_channel_logo__140523153130.jpeg",Historia
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/663.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://famouslogos.net/images/national-geographic-logo.jpg",National Geographic
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/665.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/8f/8d/03/8f8d03b5ec0fe64cd8541bcbc6dd1f63.jpg",National Geo Wild
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/666.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://mymutual.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/discovery_channel_logo-800w_600h.jpg",Discovery Channel
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/657.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://tse2.mm.bing.net/th?id=OIP.GBOq__xYKoz_1P8Vd9HgJAHaD-&pid=15.1&P=0&w=296&h=159",UFC FIGHT PASS (en)
http://185.66.143.240:25461/live/amos/1234/609.ts?token=HkMLB0NQEg4bUlBXUwEFDFJcVQIGV1EDWlALUFUAVFBXUQADVAoADABHShAQTUZRUFQ8XVRHCQRRUB4UFkQBEToIB0QKGgUEDFNeCkEVFkBYVAYWClQGAFVXAgZTAVdPRxEKAhICEgYNVF4BQRUWUUlNBkZeBF9tBgREXwBSRlkLFA8KHBpfWmYBA18CV1AWCxtTFhxHWkESQwgUNVgAAgMODQMQfUNEWAsHEjAXdRpkF0EYEgdaRhAARlNBDUZWVFNWRBwaU1tMCxJAGhsOFnRqQRgSAEtGBw9BXwxZRllHFRBEHBpZR2YXA0EXS1FVXFwRFgpHAxBOQ19XG2gHDAsPBgVEUV9aSkdcEFMbGBZcVg1dRApBbRIIVhRZFVdaUVZbRE0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/BoxNation_logo.jpg",BOX NATION (en)
http://194.88.104.169:25461/live/0000001_jkdhfjksdhfHHH/0000001_jkdhfjksdhfHHH/780.ts?token=SBcJVBJZFl8SDFVVXFADBg1cDgBVAgMCAFcDWwMGWghQAAQCUgZVUAEbGhNLFUdUWVRnXlUTDlMLBhhAQ0ZcQ2xcBRdbEwFWAhsaE0wIWFQaAwkCAwYMUgEBBlsaF0lYVxdbF1QABVUSFRRUQBVQQ1ZYVGhVVEINUFMWWFhAVV0fFw5bPlVRCFFXUhMCQwQTFBtRREETDkZlWVADUFpXVBNwEkUAX1VFYxd3H21PFx0aW1FDQ1BAAREMFlYCBAwTHxcCWhRfQBdJGwwTfTIXHRpcQENUX0cNXFgWWBRBShMfFwhGPkNRFkRLU1BVBEcTAhsIFR0TWQVLaVcNWFtcUkdcDlsSEw5HABsaE1UOW1hMVkpoQVhQRgkUBlAPBAoTTg==













